Our homepage is intended to introduce users to our website and its features. The technical implementation of this page was accomplished in HTML and CSS. Our primary features are our navbar buttons for page navigation and our text. We used CSS  to implement our preferred colors and fonts as well as a background image, and used HTML in our index.html file to implement our text in a column format. The homepage’s functionality is exclusively in the navigation bar, as the rest of the page is text-based and descriptive. Beyond background, font and color styling, our CSS included a responsive design using the @media query with a maximum width of 600px. We also used a hover function to implement a dynamic highlighting feature when a user hovers their cursor over the menu bar. 
Unlike the homepage, the “My Closet” page included more complex technical implementation. We knew we wanted to ask the user for new clothing items, display the user’s previously uploaded items, and give them organization options by type and color. To accomplish this, we provided a button that linked to an “ask new” HTML page. Using our app.py, we required the user to upload a name for the item of clothing in a text box as well as choose the item’s type and color from dropdown menus. We implemented the dropdown menus by creating labels and listing “values” within an “option” attribute. For each dropdown, we assigned a name and id that corresponded to our PHP server table “clothing”. Upon adding an item, the color, name, type and user id of the specific user are uploaded to the table. 
Figuring out how to receive an image from the user, however, was more of a challenge than receiving the text attributes. While we initially attempted to implement the “upload photo” function using a blob function, we eventually decided that the simplest implementation would be achieved by calling the photo category in our PHP database a “text” attribute. We then created a folder within our static folder called “photos”, to which we uploaded the photos using the request.files and photo.save functions in app.py. This folder saves the images so that when the site calls the database for a certain “photo” we receive their text URL and the image is called from the folder. 
After implementing the “add new” function, using the PHP database to display and organize the clothing, as well as generate random outfits, was relatively simple. We called on the database using SQL in our app.py, specifying type, color, or simply RANDOM (), depending on the intended function. For our randomize function, after setting values for each item of clothing equal to the SQL random output, we displayed each item’s name and photo, limiting the output to one clothing item of each type. In order to implement a delete button, we added an item id attribute to our PHP table and used the SQL delete command to delete the PHP data for an item with the specific ID. 
Our explore function used largely the same technical implementation as our add new and my closet page. We created an “outfits” section in our PHP database that received the image, name and user id of user created outfits. Because we wanted the Explore page to be a social page, we allowed users to view outfits created by other accounts, not just their own, using SQL edits. 